So, the real issue,
I think, is on Nexus 7,
we didn't have enough width and that's--
>> Can you just hold this for a second?
Thanks.
>> Hey guys, talking about Sunshine?
>> Yeah, we're brainstorming all
the things we need to cover and
what we need to do and
it seems there's kind of a lot,
so I was thinking we would each
do one improvement per lesson.
>> All right.
So, where do we begin?
>> Well, you were assigned
all those arrow cases, right?
So I think you should start with those.
>> Yeah,
a solid base is always a great idea.
>> Right.
Solid base, then improve from there.
I like it.
And I'll keep you
apprised on my progress?
>> We are just so
excited to see what you do.